README.md, before:

# MyPixel - Pixel Art Enhancer 🎨


**Your browser, your pixels, perfected.** MyPixel brings pixel art back to life with **crisp scaling**, **real-time color controls**, and **vector exports**—all running **100% client-side**.

---

## ✨ Feature Highlights ✨

| Feature                                 | Description                                                                                              |
|:----------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 🔍 **Crisp Non‑Blurred Scale**           | Scale from **10%** to **10 000%** with no blur—each pixel remains razor-sharp.                            |
| 🌈 **Opacity & Saturation**              | Live-range sliders (0–100%) let you tweak transparency and color intensity, previewing instantly.         |
| 👀 **Side‑by‑Side Preview**              | Instantly compare **Original** vs **Modified** in the same view.                                          |
| 🎨 **Auto Color Palette**                | Extract top 32 colors automatically; click any swatch to copy its HEX code.                               |
| 🔍 **Magnifier & Picker**                | Hover to magnify pixel details and pick HEX/RGB values; click to copy into clipboard.                    |
| 📐 **True Vector SVG**                   | Export as genuine SVG: fully scalable vector paths, not embedded bitmaps.                                 |
| 📦 **Multi‑Format Export**               | Download or copy as **PNG**, **WEBP**, **AVIF**, **SVG**, or **Base64**.                                  |
| 🗂️ **Batch Processing**                  | Process multiple files at once; download a ZIP of your chosen format.                                     |
| 📝 **File Info & Rename**                | View/edit filename, file size, dimensions, aspect ratio, and see export size estimates before saving.    |
| 🔗 **Shareable Links**                   | Generate a URL with Base64‑encoded image—shareable without uploads, stored in your browser history.       |
| 📱 **PWA & Mobile‑Ready**                | Install as a Progressive Web App on desktop or mobile; use **offline** thanks to Service Worker caching.  |

---

## 🔍 Before & After: Real Results

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Original (32×64)</th>
    <th>Upscaled PNG (320×640)</th>
    <th>Vector SVG (320×640)</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="demo/original.png" alt="Original Pixel Art" width="320" />
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="demo/modified.png" alt="Upscaled Pixel Art (PNG)" width="320" />
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="demo/modified.svg" alt="Upscaled Pixel Art (SVG)" width="320" />
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

> Notice the crisp edges and preserved block shapes in both PNG and SVG—no blur, no distortion.
>
> **Art credit:** Original pixel art by [F404X](https://x.com/F404XdoesARTS)
---

## 🚀 Quick Start

<p align="center">
  <img src="/screenshots/desktop-screenshot.jpg" alt="Desktop Screenshot" width="1000" />
</p>

1. **Upload**: Drag & drop or click the green panel to select your PNG sprite.
2. **Adjust**: Set **Scale**, **Opacity**, **Saturation** with intuitive sliders.
3. **Review**: Check the **palette**, hover to pick colors, compare before/after.
4. **Export**:
   - **Single**: Click **PNG**, **WEBP**, **AVIF**, **SVG**, or **Base64**.
   - **Batch**: Enable **Batch Mode**, add files, pick format, download **ZIP**.
5. **Share**: Click **Share Link**—a URL with your Base64 image is copied to your clipboard.

---

## 🎁 Why MyPixel?

- **Privacy**: 100% client-side; your artwork never leaves your device.
- **Performance**: Instant feedback powered by modern browsers.
- **Flexibility**: From simple sprites to high-res vector exports, all formats covered.
- **Portability**: PWA support means you can work offline anywhere.

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the **Apache License 2.0**. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

Change project license to PolyForm Noncommercial License
Updated license information from Apache License 2.0 to PolyForm Noncommercial License 1.0.0, clarifying restrictions on commercial use.

README.md, after:

# MyPixel - Pixel Art Enhancer 🎨


**Your browser, your pixels, perfected.** MyPixel brings pixel art back to life with **crisp scaling**, **real-time color controls**, and **vector exports**—all running **100% client-side**.

---

## ✨ Feature Highlights ✨

| Feature                                 | Description                                                                                              |
|:----------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 🔍 **Crisp Non‑Blurred Scale**           | Scale from **10%** to **10 000%** with no blur—each pixel remains razor-sharp.                            |
| 🌈 **Opacity & Saturation**              | Live-range sliders (0–100%) let you tweak transparency and color intensity, previewing instantly.         |
| 👀 **Side‑by‑Side Preview**              | Instantly compare **Original** vs **Modified** in the same view.                                          |
| 🎨 **Auto Color Palette**                | Extract top 32 colors automatically; click any swatch to copy its HEX code.                               |
| 🔍 **Magnifier & Picker**                | Hover to magnify pixel details and pick HEX/RGB values; click to copy into clipboard.                    |
| 📐 **True Vector SVG**                   | Export as genuine SVG: fully scalable vector paths, not embedded bitmaps.                                 |
| 📦 **Multi‑Format Export**               | Download or copy as **PNG**, **WEBP**, **AVIF**, **SVG**, or **Base64**.                                  |
| 🗂️ **Batch Processing**                  | Process multiple files at once; download a ZIP of your chosen format.                                     |
| 📝 **File Info & Rename**                | View/edit filename, file size, dimensions, aspect ratio, and see export size estimates before saving.    |
| 🔗 **Shareable Links**                   | Generate a URL with Base64‑encoded image—shareable without uploads, stored in your browser history.       |
| 📱 **PWA & Mobile‑Ready**                | Install as a Progressive Web App on desktop or mobile; use **offline** thanks to Service Worker caching.  |

---

## 🔍 Before & After: Real Results

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Original (32×64)</th>
    <th>Upscaled PNG (320×640)</th>
    <th>Vector SVG (320×640)</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="demo/original.png" alt="Original Pixel Art" width="320" />
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="demo/modified.png" alt="Upscaled Pixel Art (PNG)" width="320" />
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="demo/modified.svg" alt="Upscaled Pixel Art (SVG)" width="320" />
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

> Notice the crisp edges and preserved block shapes in both PNG and SVG—no blur, no distortion.
>
> **Art credit:** Original pixel art by [F404X](https://x.com/F404XdoesARTS)
---

## 🚀 Quick Start

<p align="center">
  <img src="/screenshots/desktop-screenshot.jpg" alt="Desktop Screenshot" width="1000" />
</p>

1. **Upload**: Drag & drop or click the green panel to select your PNG sprite.
2. **Adjust**: Set **Scale**, **Opacity**, **Saturation** with intuitive sliders.
3. **Review**: Check the **palette**, hover to pick colors, compare before/after.
4. **Export**:
   - **Single**: Click **PNG**, **WEBP**, **AVIF**, **SVG**, or **Base64**.
   - **Batch**: Enable **Batch Mode**, add files, pick format, download **ZIP**.
5. **Share**: Click **Share Link**—a URL with your Base64 image is copied to your clipboard.

---

## 🎁 Why MyPixel?

- **Privacy**: 100% client-side; your artwork never leaves your device.
- **Performance**: Instant feedback powered by modern browsers.
- **Flexibility**: From simple sprites to high-res vector exports, all formats covered.
- **Portability**: PWA support means you can work offline anywhere.

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the [PolyForm Noncommercial License 1.0.0](./LICENSE).

Commercial use, resale, and paid services are not permitted.
